---
title: "About"
draft: false
---

Hey, I’m sreeram. I’ve been wanting to start a blog for years. I’ve made
attempts before, but I struggled to find enough content. Then, much later, when
I landed on my job and had a few months to spare, I felt this strong urge to
finally create & publish some content. Well, I am too shy for youtube and
instagram anyway. So, I started this journey to create a website where I could
share content that I believe worth sharing.

Then I started searching on youtube about content writing and encountered the
book review “Show Your Work”. This book suggests to involve in the creative
process rather than just the final product. That idea resonated deeply with me —
document, don’t create.

Another main influence was the 512kb club. This showcases websites that are
brilliantly crafted within 512kb. These minimalistic websites truly inspired me
to create and share my own explorations. I experimented with platforms like Wix,
Blogspot, and WordPress. Then I found Hugo- a static site generator without
modern bloated JS. As I surfed the web, I stumbled upon some seriously awesome
blogs. And I thought, “Why not give it a try?” So here I am, diving into this
blogging adventure!

The primary aim of this platform is to document the blog-worthy things I have
done. It’s all about keeping it authentic; not worrying about what my relatives
or that friend from forever ago might think. If I step into the shoes of a
reader and think, ‘ Wow, this is cool! ’, that’s exactly the kind of stuff
you’ll find on this blog. Moreover, I would love to
[connect](mailto:pvsreeram1@gmail.com) with remarkable individuals like you. So,
welcome aboard and Join me in this exploration!
